Pelp

What is healthcare?

Merriam Webster defines healthcare as the efforts made to maintain or restore physical, mental, or emotional well-being. 1

What does my pet have to do with it?

Pet owners have an advantage over non-pet owners: 
Decreased blood pressure
Decreased cholesterol levels
Decreased triglyceride levels
Decreased feelings of loneliness
Increased opportunities for exercise and outdoor activities
Increased opportunities for socialization
What is our purpose?

Pelp started with the passion to introduce the “One Health” initiative. Your well-being is reflected on to your pet and vice-versa. If you are feeling good and healthy, this will be reflected on your pets health! 2

We aim to provide you the tools that keep you healthy for the sake of your pet. As well as the tools for you to monitor the health of your pet, thus giving you piece of mind. 

What technology are you using?
	
	The wearable technology is flooded with devices that show in real-time the heart-rate as well as Respiration Rate (RR) of whomever is wearing the device. RR has been linked to showcase health and it is actually the same for your pets. A higher RR means a more agitated state. A lower RR means a more calm and relaxed state of well-being. Using a wearable collar, you will now be able to monitor your pet’s state of being. You will be able to tell if they are happy or sad. 

What is our product?

	Our Product is a combination of services. The Collar and Pelp app provides you the owner with real-time updates to the emotional well-being of your pet. 

	We also offer a database of resources that will be approved and rated by your pet to give you even further piece of mind. Think of it like yelp, where people review services and goods. Pelp is the pet alternative, giving your pet a voice as to what it likes and dislikes. 

How will your product, benefit me?

	Our products are centered in keeping your piece of mind. If you are feeling calm and happy so will your pet! 

	We want to take away the guesswork that is the emotional state of your pet. Think about it, do you really know how your pet feels about that sitter? With our wearable technology and Pelp app you will now monitor their emotional state. 

Why should I care?

	Pet ownership is growing in the United States. With about 62% of American households claiming to own a pet or more. We are providing resources that not only take care of your health but also take care of your pet. 

	Owning a pet is not cheap, in the year 2017 Americans spent around $16.62 billion in vet care. With 80 million households, the projection of the pet industry is set to increase at a rate of 5.4% for the next few years. This means that we are spending, nay investing time and capital; 
on not only vet care, but food, toys, daycare, training, beds, cages and a lot more. 

	Our service aims to make sure that your pet is happy with the services and products you are providing them. Thus giving you the satisfaction that your pet is truly happy, and by that extension so will you. 









Work Cited



1.“Health Care.” Merriam-Webster, Merriam-Webster, www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/health care.

2.Kujala, Miiamaaria V, et al. “Human Empathy, Personality and Experience Affect the Emotion Ratings of Dog and Human Facial Expressions.” PloS One, Public Library of Science, 23 Jan. 2017, www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5257001/.

3.Lopez, Cynthia. “The State of Pet Healthcare 2019 (with Infographic).” Pet Life Today, 10 Jan. 2019, petlifetoday.com/state-of-pet-healthcare/.

4.“About Pets & People | Healthy Pets, Healthy People | CDC.” Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, www.cdc.gov/healthypets/health-benefits/index.html.

5.Pafitis, Natalie. “Pet Ownership as a Social Determinant of Health.” BMC Series Blog, 9 Mar. 2018, blogs.biomedcentral.com/bmcseriesblog/2018/03/09/pet-ownership-social-determinant-health/.




