                  Pelp - Yelp for your pets!


  1. Your health is linked to your pets health and vice versa. With Pelp feedback we want you to stay healthy for the sake of your
  pet and for your pet to have a say in their health for your sake. 
 
 Wearable technology such as the apple iwatch have flooded the market with easy to monitor ECG monitors. These watches are able to measure
 your heartbeat and your respiratory rate quite easily. studies show that respiratory rate (RR) is closely linked to your health. With a 
 more agitated state of breath to indicate trouble. 
 We noticed that there is a market for pets having wearables as well. With our initiative "One Health" you will now be able to track your 
 pets health as well as your own. 
 With wearable collars you will now now the mood that your pet is under. 
 
 Now with Pelp you will be able to "see" just how your pet feels about a certain product. Such as that new dog/cat food you bought or new 
 bed. 
 Pelp gives your pet a voice to review the consumer products you buy for their well-being. We currently use other people's yelp reviews as 
 a basis for our own desicions. Pelp is built under the same premise, we have an industry dedicated to fulfill the needs of our pets. 
 How does your dog feel about a certain brand of dog food? Or a certain dog park/ dog care? What about the veterinarian you rave about,
 is your dog comfortable? With the Pelp app you will now find out!
 
 2.Further information can be found in this repo. Please look at our article for further research.
 
 
 3. Resources
     Kujala, Miiamaaria V, et al. “Human Empathy, Personality and Experience Affect the Emotion Ratings of Dog and Human Facial Expressions.
     ” PloS One, Public Library of Science, 23 Jan. 2017, www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5257001/.

    Lopez, Cynthia. “The State of Pet Healthcare 2019 (with Infographic).” Pet Life Today, 10 Jan. 2019,
    petlifetoday.com/state-of-pet-healthcare/.

    “About Pets & People | Healthy Pets, Healthy People | CDC.” Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Centers for Disease Control
    and Prevention, www.cdc.gov/healthypets/health-benefits/index.html.

    Pafitis, Natalie. “Pet Ownership as a Social Determinant of Health.” BMC Series Blog, 9 Mar. 2018, 
    blogs.biomedcentral.com/bmcseriesblog/2018/03/09/pet-ownership-social-determinant-health/.

 
 4. The team members behind Pelp consist of:
      Guillermo Reyes, created this repo
      Yuma Nambu
  
  
